Add descriptions to MDX frontmatter (#614)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/upgrading-to-v1.mdx

---
title: Upgrading to v1

> description: Turborepo joins Vercel, after which our turbo CLI is now open-source, and remote caching is available on all accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to upgrade to Turborepo v1, now open-source and part of Vercel.
```
